Please note that this application is in a development stage.
I'm just adding this README, so github will stop complaining to me.


h1. Tcsh2Bash

This application will read in a tcsh script and try to output the bash equivalent.

h2. Motivation

Tcsh, an improvement on the C shell, is generally chosen as a default shell for many environments
because of how it mimics the C language. However, there are many ambiguities and limitations
with the language. Additionally, documentation on the language is sparse compared to bash.

This application is developed for people trying to migrate from tcsh to bash such as converting
a cshrc to bashrc or for people who want to support bash on a tcsh driven system.

h2. Requirements

Ruby "1.9.2":http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/ (older versions probably work, this is just the one I use)
"RubyGems":http://rubygems.org/pages/download

I recommend installing both with "rvm":http://rvm.beginrescueend.com/rvm/install/

Additionally, you will need the following gems
treetop 1.4.8
trollop 1.16.2

h2. Usage

Inside the bin directory is an executable called "tcsh2bash".

Run it as follows

* Output to standard out: @./tcsh2bash --infile cshrc@
* Output to a file: @./tcsh2bash --infile cshrc --outfile bashrc@

h3. Sample

Input

pre. alias hello goodbye
setenv editor vim
set p=d
q243aca 0w3

Output

pre. alias hello=goodbye
export editor=vim
p=d
#######################
# Unable to parse: q243aca 0w3
#######################

h2. Additional Notes

There are no guarantees that the bash output produces the same logic as the tcsh script so please
review the changes especially if using this in a production environment.
Also, this application is not a mind reader. If you feed it a malformed tcsh script,
it doesn't make any "logical" guess at what you meant.
